Directory/Project structure:

openstreepapk - project is the container APK for open-street-droid. This is
  simply a sample setup to show how to create a class loadable engine. When
  target engine from NASA WW is available it will be in its repository and
  it should follow the pattern implemented here.

// Following are the sample applications that show how the Map can be 
// instantiated and used by an application. These are sample applications and
// are not meant as full fledged test of EMP.

SampleMapFragment uses the APK created by the openstreetapk project

OpenStreetMap - project creates and "aar" that can be used by the applications
to compile in the map engine that implement OpenStreetMap. In this use case
applications don't need the seperate APK created by openwtreetapp. This is NOT
the recommended use case.

SampleMapView - project uses the aar created by OpenStreetMap aar.

samplemapviewmpg - project uses the aar created by OpenStreetMap and shows
how to add a Map View programatically.

If you want to test the use of resources in the map engine then use the
worldwind_apk generated by emp3-android-apk instead of openstreetapk.
You will also need to change the layout of SampleMapFragment application

**steps to deploy test map app**  

$prompt> git clone ssh://git@stash.di2e.net:7999/emp/emp3-android-openstreet.git  
$prompt> cd emp3-android-openstreet
$prompt> git checkout master
$prompt> ./gradlew clean build  
$prompt> adb install ./openstreetapk/build/outputs/apk/openstreetapk-debug.apk
$prompt> adb install ./SampleMapView/build/outputs/apk/SampleMapView-debug.apk
$prompt> adb install ./SampleMapFragment/build/outputs/apk/SampleMapFragment-debug.apk


**steps to import into android studio**  

in the "Quick Start panel select "Import Project (Eclipse ADT, Gradle, etc.)"
navigate to and select the directory "emp3-android-openstreet"
click "OK"

**at this point you should be able to select the green arrow run button in the IDE to deploy to your device**  

** Map will show as empty on emulator. You need a tablet attached to see the map.
